README.md
    Quick setup steps are out of order. the .env file has to be created before running the script
    also Run deployment script: remove old login credentials from file

updage all references to 40+ services or similar to 60+

getting-started.md
    add ',leave default values for now' to 'Authelia secrets are generated by the setup script.'
    remove 'Important: The script generates a secure admin password hash that will be used during deployment. Credentials are displayed at the end and saved to a temporary file.'
    remove 'Generates Authelia admin password (saved to /opt/stacks/core/authelia/ADMIN_PASSWORD.txt)'
    clarify 'Username: admin' is default, or the user you created 
    replace 'Password: Check /opt/stacks/core/authelia/ADMIN_PASSWORD.txt or see script output' with 'Password: you set in the setup'
    Manual Setup section should be a seperate .md file and linked to

    Refine and rename Post-Setup Configuration to Post-Setup Next Steps. for example Configure Authelia section the user password is set by the setup script.

    Deploy Additional Stacks
        dashboards.yml - Homepage and Homarr  -  dashboards are already deployed by the script

    Service Issues section include a blockquote to recomend using Dozzle to view logs 

    replace 'Set up Authelia authentication' with 'Set up 2FA with Authelia'

services-references.md
    Remove this file.

services-overview.md
    In the stacks column all the Container names should be a clickable link to the apropriate service-docs file
    remove '⚠️ Disabled:'
    remove the Quick Deployments Order section
    Authemlia Customization section doesn't belong in this file, it should be elsewhere

quick-reference.md
    Deployment Scripts section should like to the readme.md in the scripts folder, instead of restating it.

For later:
    reorganize stacks, get *arr apps in one stack, downloaders in another, and transcoders in another. Make Jellyfin the default and put plex in alternatives.

    README.md VS Code expanded instructions. launch the code server, and configure it.

    Refine backup strategy, backrest as the default
